A distributed system (DS) can be defined as a collection of processes executing 
a protocol (algorithm) within a communicating environment.

Studying such operational description to find properties on DS has shown to be 
a complex task, even when the number of processes and connections is limited 
and/or following simple patterns.

It's complexity comes for the number of possible interactions of their elements 
and the dynamics of such interactions.

On it's seminal paper Herlihy introduced a characterization of DS, mapping the 
specifics of such protocols and environments to a topological structure.
 
This is a combinatorial description, because all possible events on the dynamic 
of the interactions are represented simultaneously on a single topological structure.

Such approach it is a deliberated trade off. Interchanging one model with complex 
dynamics and relatively simple elements for other with complex elements but static.

This technique for the analysis of distributed systems has gained significant traction 
and has become a widely used.

Gaining from a large set of topology results that can be immediately applied, and, as 
he argues. 

Our minds are much better equipped for analyzing static entities even when they are 
very complex than for dynamic ones even if they are sparse.

(DS) have been studied from many areas and multiple angles, in particular, it has been covered
on many diferent logic aproaches, epistemic logic is a natural formulation for them, there's a 
great tradition on the field of artificial inteligence associating several logics to the study
of (DS), and many other logics as multi modal logic, dynamic logic, etc. 

Many of those works are intended to comprehend communications, epistemic development and 
behavior of such systems from an operational point of view.

In this work, we intend to mimic the aproach taken by Herlihy, and to map their topological models
to kripke structures, the computational power of those processes to axioms, semantics and inference 
rules of a formal logic system. And to transform some of the results to logical equivalents, in order 
to develop techniques, methods and insight that can help to solve other problems or to be able to 
find other characteristics on the resulting models, such as completion, consistency, decidability, etc.
